Hide and Seek Floogals is a Browser Game, and may eventually be a browser game  
The objective is to put together the Floogals picture from the puzzle pieces

{Potential package:>> Javascript, MongoDb, CSS3, HTML5, HTML Canvas,  Reactive X (maybe)}


1. Show Player the Objective Picture
2. When player presses play the picture will shuffle into pieces randomly skattered around the page
3. the player then selects pieces and drags them to fill in the missing pieces
4. If the piece is correct then say something smart or fireworks or something Floogal like
5. If the piece is incorrect shake the page, turn colors and foghorn(? too much?)
6. When all peices are complete, throw a Floogal party playing the theme song and gift the player a present
7. Personal objective, I am trying to see how well ik coding by starting with large pieces, the move on to smaller pieces if successful
8. Consider making both small and large piece modes for older and younger kids. 
9. If a hit, add more puzzles  ---> branch out to other cartoons etc
10. Score will also be kept for kicks i guess

Organization

Picture
Use --- > //HideNSeekFloogals.png

DOM
Chop the picture into 8 - 10 peices (visually do this with Snagit)
The picture on the document will actually be a grid made up of buttons, it will actually be 8 buttons
The puzzle picture piece will be labled, 1 - 8(10)a, 
The grid peice will be labeled 1-8(10)b to correspond with its a counter part
consider arrays for this
When the player drags/hovers the correct/matching piece to the button that will trigger the "right" response action, update the score and 
**RISK**
    what is the JS function for on drag  >> not sure how to accomplish this

images may have 3 states
    -inital (full picture all buttons hidden)
    -inPlay (Gray hint piece)
    -Solved (after correct hover, added piece to grid - full color)

    pieces also have a randomized sort to the side of the page (hmmm     --- how to?)

alternate
image and image replace on correct hover
grid black and white replace with grid color (Floogal) on correct hover



Initial Shuffle
